Update the canvas entry criteria with text provided by legal (#4940)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_hidden/private_betas/pinterest_audience_sync.md

### Step 2: Configure your Canvas entry criteria

> When building audiences for Ad Tracking, you may wish to include or exclude certain users based on their preferences, and in order to comply with privacy laws, such as the “Do Not Sell or Share” right under the [CCPA](https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa). Marketers should implement the relevant filter/s for users’ eligibility within their Canvas entry criteria. Below we list some options. 

Reviewer: Is there a specific legalese reason to say "filter/s" instead of just "filters"? 🤔 Not a good plain language practice

Author: Fixed!

> When building audiences for Ad Tracking, you may wish to include or exclude certain users based on their preferences, and in order to comply with privacy laws, such as the “Do Not Sell or Share” right under the [CCPA](https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa). Marketers should implement the relevant filter/s for users’ eligibility within their Canvas entry criteria. Below we list some options. 

Author: ```suggestion
When building audiences for Ad Tracking, you may wish to include or exclude certain users based on their preferences, and in order to comply with privacy laws, such as the “Do Not Sell or Share” right under the [CCPA](https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa). Marketers should implement the relevant filters for users’ eligibility within their Canvas entry criteria. Below we list some options. 
```
